the rapid play of crosses that all
world
passed thiago silva you'll see
He spent there with Luiz Gustavo the wg goal and
marcelo times chicken
in this fast-moving crosses all over
world passed thiago silva you go
see passed by the likes of davino
arrived and the time marcelo
Neymar, I did not give it to you.
rose from 3 of neymar himself comes from
wish to play paulinho freire subway
I give that cross
right to left to right
left the ball and touched the ball.
draco pull crosses
I heard nothing good ever wind of a
Throw any attitude you ever said
that the lock that was pulled
the good thing is that the move moves open the arms
and you can see the image more pink
I authorize the referee left the sister is with
the right foot
hit is goal is goal
Brazil
at the right time to launch
torpedo is big hit neymar the goalkeeper
He touched the ball, I do not know if he
Oh, I made everything.
willian brum guy make a beep goal
2002 against turkey
the telethon rumbles
this pique is to save